kms/root-server-contract/README.md, before:

![Marlin Oyster Logo](./logo.svg)

# KMS Root Server - Contract based

This KMS Root Server provides derivation endpoints to derive secrets and/or corresponding public keys based on approval in a contract. The root seed is provided through a file containing randomenss encrypted against a DKG key.

## Build

```bash
cargo build --release
```

### Reproducible builds

Reproducible builds can be done using Nix. The monorepo provides a Nix flake which includes this project and can be used to trigger builds:

```bash
nix build -v .#<flavor>.kms.root-server-contract.<output>
```

Supported flavors:
- `gnu`
- `musl`

Supported outputs:
- `default`, same as `compressed`
- `uncompressed`
- `compressed`, using `upx`

## Usage

```
$ ./target/release/kms-root-server-contract --help
Usage: kms-root-server-contract [OPTIONS] --verification-rpc <VERIFICATION_RPC> --verification-chain-id <VERIFICATION_CHAIN_ID>

Options:
      --seed-path <SEED_PATH>
          Path to encrypted seed file [default: /app/init-params]
      --scallop-listen-addr <SCALLOP_LISTEN_ADDR>
          Scallop listening address [default: 0.0.0.0:1100]
      --public-listen-addr <PUBLIC_LISTEN_ADDR>
          Public listening address [default: 0.0.0.0:1101]
      --signer <SIGNER>
          Path to file with private key signer [default: /app/secp256k1.sec]
      --porter <PORTER>
          Porter URI [default: https://porter.nucypher.io/decrypt]
      --ritual <RITUAL>
          Ritual id [default: 40]
      --coordinator <COORDINATOR>
          Coordinator address [default: 0xE74259e3dafe30bAA8700238e324b47aC98FE755]
      --rpc <RPC>
          RPC URL [default: https://polygon-rpc.com]
      --attestation-endpoint <ATTESTATION_ENDPOINT>
          Attestation endpoint [default: http://127.0.0.1:1301/attestation/raw]
      --secret-path <SECRET_PATH>
          Path to X25519 secret file [default: /app/x25519.sec]
      --threshold <THRESHOLD>
          DKG threshold [default: 16]
      --delay <DELAY>
          Initial delay to allow for attestation verification [default: 1800]
      --verification-rpc <VERIFICATION_RPC>
          RPC url for address verification
      --verification-chain-id <VERIFICATION_CHAIN_ID>
          Chain id of the RPC
  -h, --help
          Print help
  -V, --version
          Print version
```

## Scallop endpoints

The root server exposes some endpoints that are only accessible to Scallop-enabled clients. It ensures sharding of the key derivation space based on attestation information so enclaves cannot step over each other and issue themselves secrets meant for other enclaves.

### Derive

#### Endpoint

`/derive`

#### Usage

```
GET /derive?address=<address>

<binary data of the derived key in response>
```

The `address` is expected to refer to a smart contract implementing the following interface:
```
interface IKMSVerifiable {
    function oysterKMSVerify(bytes32 _imageId) external returns (bool);
}
```

## Public endpoints

Unlike the scallop endpoints, these endpoints are availble to any caller. They are mainly intended to fetch public keys for derivation paths in advance before even running an enclave.

### Derive secp256k1 public key

#### Endpoint

`/derive/secp256k1/public`

#### Usage

```
GET /derive/secp256k1/public?address=<address>&path=<path>

<binary data of the derived public key in response>
```

### Derive Ethereum address

#### Endpoint

`/derive/secp256k1/address/ethereum`

#### Usage

```
GET /derive/secp256k1/address/ethereum?address=<address>&path=<path>

0x92148e8f84096d0dfe7e66a025d14d1e2594ddc2
```

### Derive ed25519 public key

#### Endpoint

`/derive/ed25519/public`

#### Usage

```
GET /derive/ed25519/public?address=<address>&path=<path>

<binary data of the derived public key in response>
```

### Derive Solana address

#### Endpoint

`/derive/ed25519/address/solana`

#### Usage

```
GET /derive/ed25519/address/solana?address=<address>&path=<path>

BEYzkmcGNdhqHAPKQ7oz89n1RbAumm2kwtX113pPuCax
```

### Derive x25519 public key

#### Endpoint

`/derive/x25519/public`

#### Usage

```
GET /derive/x25519/public?address=<address>&path=<path>

<binary data of the derived public key in response>
```

## License

This project is licensed under the GNU AGPLv3 or any later version. See [LICENSE.txt](./LICENSE.txt).

Commit message:

update root server contract readme

kms/root-server-contract/README.md, after:

![Marlin Oyster Logo](./logo.svg)

# KMS Root Server - Contract based

This KMS Root Server provides derivation endpoints to derive secrets and/or corresponding public keys based on approval in a contract. The root seed is provided through a file containing randomenss encrypted against a DKG key.

## Build

```bash
cargo build --release
```

### Reproducible builds

Reproducible builds can be done using Nix. The monorepo provides a Nix flake which includes this project and can be used to trigger builds:

```bash
nix build -v .#<flavor>.kms.root-server-contract.<output>
```

Supported flavors:
- `gnu`
- `musl`

Supported outputs:
- `default`, same as `compressed`
- `uncompressed`
- `compressed`, using `upx`

## Usage

```
$ ./target/release/kms-root-server-contract --help
Usage: kms-root-server-contract [OPTIONS] --verification-rpc <VERIFICATION_RPC> --verification-chain-id <VERIFICATION_CHAIN_ID>

Options:
      --seed-path <SEED_PATH>
          Path to encrypted seed file [default: /app/init-params]
      --scallop-listen-addr <SCALLOP_LISTEN_ADDR>
          Scallop listening address [default: 0.0.0.0:1100]
      --public-listen-addr <PUBLIC_LISTEN_ADDR>
          Public listening address [default: 0.0.0.0:1101]
      --signer <SIGNER>
          Path to file with private key signer [default: /app/secp256k1.sec]
      --porter <PORTER>
          Porter URI [default: https://porter.nucypher.io/decrypt]
      --ritual <RITUAL>
          Ritual id [default: 40]
      --coordinator <COORDINATOR>
          Coordinator address [default: 0xE74259e3dafe30bAA8700238e324b47aC98FE755]
      --rpc <RPC>
          RPC URL [default: https://polygon-rpc.com]
      --threshold <THRESHOLD>
          DKG threshold [default: 16]
      --delay <DELAY>
          Initial delay to allow for attestation verification [default: 1800]
      --verification-rpc <VERIFICATION_RPC>
          RPC url for address verification
      --verification-chain-id <VERIFICATION_CHAIN_ID>
          Chain id of the RPC
  -h, --help
          Print help
  -V, --version
          Print version
```

## Scallop endpoints

The root server exposes some endpoints that are only accessible to Scallop-enabled clients. It ensures sharding of the key derivation space based on attestation information so enclaves cannot step over each other and issue themselves secrets meant for other enclaves.

### Derive

#### Endpoint

`/derive`

#### Usage

```
GET /derive?address=<address>

<binary data of the derived key in response>
```

The `address` is expected to refer to a smart contract implementing the following interface:
```
interface IKMSVerifiable {
    function oysterKMSVerify(bytes32 _imageId) external returns (bool);
}
```

## Public endpoints

Unlike the scallop endpoints, these endpoints are availble to any caller. They are mainly intended to fetch public keys for derivation paths in advance before even running an enclave.

### Signatures

All the public endpoints include a `x-marlin-kms-signature` header which contains a secp256k1 signature over relevant request and response fields to help verify if the response came from a valid KMS root server.

The public key of the signer is obtained by deriving a secp256k1 public key from the seed. It is printed by the creator verifier program during verification and is expected to be hardcoded into verifiers. The same seed will always lead to the same signer for valid root servers.

The message being signed follows this format (with || denoting concatenation) - `<request uri, i.e. path + query>||<response body>`

### Derive secp256k1 public key

#### Endpoint

`/derive/secp256k1/public`

#### Usage

```
GET /derive/secp256k1/public?address=<address>&path=<path>

<binary data of the derived public key in response>
```

### Derive Ethereum address

#### Endpoint

`/derive/secp256k1/address/ethereum`

#### Usage

```
GET /derive/secp256k1/address/ethereum?address=<address>&path=<path>

0x92148e8f84096d0dfe7e66a025d14d1e2594ddc2
```

### Derive ed25519 public key

#### Endpoint

`/derive/ed25519/public`

#### Usage

```
GET /derive/ed25519/public?address=<address>&path=<path>

<binary data of the derived public key in response>
```

### Derive Solana address

#### Endpoint

`/derive/ed25519/address/solana`

#### Usage

```
GET /derive/ed25519/address/solana?address=<address>&path=<path>

BEYzkmcGNdhqHAPKQ7oz89n1RbAumm2kwtX113pPuCax
```

### Derive x25519 public key

#### Endpoint

`/derive/x25519/public`

#### Usage

```
GET /derive/x25519/public?address=<address>&path=<path>

<binary data of the derived public key in response>
```

## License

This project is licensed under the GNU AGPLv3 or any later version. See [LICENSE.txt](./LICENSE.txt).
